this video I'm going to go over and
explain how you can program your factory
OEM transmitter yourself without using a
locksmith or an external third-party
someone you might have to pay for to do
the job for you
which I'm sure you'll appreciate there's
a few that I have the four standard kind
of stuff I have a Toyota GM you know a
lot of everyday kind of remotes you
might expect to see up on a key rack now
I've taken the liberty of removing and
totally omitting all the transmitters
which are kind of finicky or nightmare
to program or the ones that require the
use of an external scan tool or a
computer or software program anything
like that which would deter you from
being able to do this yourself so know
that in advance I've already done the
legwork for you so if you see this video
and you're watching it and this is the
one for your specific vehicle which
again is in the title so take notice
that if you have say an OEM but you have
an own I'm thinking it's close enough
just do yourself a favor go to what my
channel look in there for your your
specific year make and model there might
be another one it's more available so
these things are pretty vehicle specific
so take good care to watch the correct
video and I'm going to do this one a
little bit differently than I've done
most of my other videos most of my other
ones a live-action I say here I do in
front of you do this do this click that
whatever this one I chose to do it a
little differently I've tried to take
screenshots throw it up on there so that
way you can see it and go along with the
video I've already done about six or so
I've already had people complaining
because the text is too small goes too
fast they can't figure out how to hit
the full screen button or know how to
hit cause so what I've done is once my
might and love goes away it's going to
stop and it's going to be the credits
but on the bottom in the description
area that's where you're going to locate
all your program instructions so I think
that a video or just shut you off right
now
just go on down read the description
that's where you're going to find our
information and then just you can either
open it up look at it print it whatever
take it out to your vehicle and do your
thing and that's all there is going to
be
doing these transmitters
you